Adding a tutorial from returning data from a script (#197)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs: docs/tutorials/excel-power-automate-returns.md

    ```typescript
    function main(workbook: ExcelScript.Workbook) : string {
    }
    ```

1. Next, we need to get all the data from the table. That lets us look through each row with the script. Add the following code inside the `main` function.

    ```typescript
    // Get the H1 worksheet.
    let worksheet = workbook.getWorksheet("H1");

    // Get the first (and only) table in the worksheet.
    let table = worksheet.getTables()[0];

    // Get the data from the table.
    let tableValues = table.getRangeBetweenHeaderAndTotal().getValues();
    ```

1. The dates in the table are stored using [Excel's date serial number](https://support.microsoft.com/office/date-systems-in-excel-e7fe7167-48a9-4b96-bb53-5612a800b487). We need to convert those dates to JavaScript dates in order to compare them. We'll add a helper function to our script. Add the following code outside of the `main` function:

    ```typescript
    // Convert the Excel date to a JavaScript Date object.
    function convertDate(excelDateValue: number) {
        let javaScriptDate = new Date(Math.round((excelDateValue - 25569) * 86400 * 1000));
        return javaScriptDate;
    }
    ```

> 1. Now, we need to figure out which person is on call right now. Their row will have a start and end date surrounding the current date. We'll write the script to assume only one person is on call at a time. Scripts can return arrays to handle multiple values, but for now we'll return the first matching email address. Add the following code to the end of `main` function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now, we need to figure out which person is on call right now. Their row will have a start and end date surrounding the current date. We'll write the script to assume only one person is on call at a time. Scripts can return arrays to handle multiple values, but for now we'll return the first matching email address. Add the following code to the end of the `main` function.
```

        for (let row = 0; row < tableValues.length; row++) {
            let startDate = convertDate(tableValues[row][2] as number);
            let endDate = convertDate(tableValues[row][3] as number);
            if (startDate <= currentDate && endDate >= currentDate) {
                // Return the first matching email address.
                return tableValues[row][1].toString();
            }
        }
    }

    // Convert the Excel date to a JavaScript Date object.
    function convertDate(excelDateValue: number) {
        let javaScriptDate = new Date(Math.round((excelDateValue - 25569) * 86400 * 1000));
        return javaScriptDate;
    }
    ```

## Create an automated workflow with Power Automate

1. Sign in to the [Power Automate site](https://flow.microsoft.com).

1. In the menu that's displayed on the left side of the screen, press **Create**. This brings you to list of ways to create new workflows.

    ![The Create button in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-tutorial-1.png)

1. Under the **Start from blank** section, select **Scheduled cloud flow**.

    ![The Scheduled cloud flow button in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-2.png)

> 1. Now we need to set the schedule for this flow. Our spreadsheet has a new on-call assignment starting every Monday in the first half of 2021. Let's set the flow to run first thing Monday mornings. Use the following options to configure the flow to run on Monday each week:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now we need to set the schedule for this flow. Our spreadsheet has a new on-call assignment starting every Monday in the first half of 2021. Let's set the flow to run first thing Monday mornings. Use the following options to configure the flow to run on Monday each week.
```

    - **Flow name**: Notify On-Call Person
    - **Starting**: 1/4/21 at 1:00am
    - **Repeat every**: 1 Week
    - **On these days**: M

>     ![A window with the specified options for the scheduled flow](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-3.png)

Reviewer: Looks like the top of the image has a red dot that shouldn't be there...?

Author: Good catch. Cropped that out of the image.

>     ![A window with the specified options for the scheduled flow](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Window showing the specified options for the scheduled flow](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-3.png)
```

1. Press **Create**.

1. Press **New step**.

1. Select the **Standard** tab, then select **Excel Online (Business)**.

>     ![The Power Automate option for Excel Online (Business).](../images/power-automate-tutorial-4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Excel Online (Business) option in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-tutorial-4.png)
```

1. Under **Actions**, select **Run script (preview)**.

>     ![The Power Automate action option for Run script (preview).](../images/power-automate-tutorial-5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Run script (preview) action option in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-tutorial-5.png)
```

1. Next, you'll select the workbook and script to use in the flow step. Use the **on-call-rotation.xlsx** workbook you created in your OneDrive. Specify the following settings for the **Run script** connector:

    - **Location**: OneDrive for Business
    - **Document Library**: OneDrive
    - **File**: on-call-rotation.xlsx *(Chosen through the file browser)*
    - **Script**: Get On-Call Person

>     ![The connector settings for running a script in Power Automate.](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![The connector settings for running a script in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-4.png)
```

1. Press **New step**.

> 1. We'll end the flow by sending the reminder email. Select the **Send an email (V2)** by using the connector's search bar. Use the **Add dynamic content** control to add the email address returned by the script. This will be labelled **result** with the Excel icon next to it. You can provide whatever subject and body text you'd like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We'll end the flow by sending the reminder email. Select **Send an email (V2)** by using the connector's search bar. Use the **Add dynamic content** control to add the email address returned by the script. This will be labelled **result** with the Excel icon next to it. You can provide whatever subject and body text you'd like.
```

>     ![The connector settings for sending an email in Power Automate.](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-5.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![The connector settings for sending an email in Power Automate](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-5.png)
```

    > [!NOTE]
    > This tutorial uses Outlook. Feel free to use your preferred email service instead, though some options may be different.

1. Press **Save**.

## Test the script in Power Automate

Your flow will run every Monday morning. You can test the script now by pressing the **Test** button in the upper-right corner of the screen. Select **Manually** and press **Run Test** to run the flow now and test the behavior. You may need to grant permissions to Excel and Outlook to continue.

> ![The Power Automate Test button.](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-6.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![The Power Automate Test button](../images/power-automate-return-tutorial-6.png)
```
